doc/architecture.md, before:

# App Structure and configuration

## Table of contents

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
1. [Yeoman](#yeoman)
1. [Getting started](#getting-started)
1. [Building the minified app](#building-the-minified-app)
1. [Deployment with build control](#deployment-with-build-control)
1. [Changing heroku and firebase urls](#changing-heroku-and-firebase-urls)

## Introduction
This file describes our project structure and modules used.

## Yeoman
The app was generated using the yeoman ``generator-angular`` generator. Read their documentation for a base understanding of how to contribute to this project

Besides using the generator, we modified some parts to make deployment easier.

## Getting started
Fork the repo and install dependencies. You need to have ruby installed and the sass gem.

`gem install compass` then `npm install && bower install`

To start development just do `grunt serve`

## Building the minified app

We modified the original angular template to generate a dist folder compatible with heroku. For this we created an index.js file that get's copied to `dist` on build. If you run `node index.js` from the project folder, this won't work, use `grunt serve` instead. The index.js file is meant to be run from the dist folder after the project has been built:
`cd dist` then `node index.js`

We also included a file Procfile that spins up a web dyno and runs the app for you.

Both `Procfile` and `index.js` are copied by the `grunt copy:dist` tasks.

## Deployment with build control

Manual deployment with build control is extremely straight forward, just do `grunt buildcontrol`.
Note that this will only work if your computer have access to the specified heroku account.

## Changing heroku and firebase urls

- Modify the buildcontrol task to specify the correct heroku git repository:

```json
heroku: {
        options: {
          remote: 'git@heroku.com:YOURAPPNAME.git',
          branch: 'master'
        }
      }
```

- Modify the config service at `app/scripts/app.js`

```json
{
  firebase:{url:'https://YOURFIREBASEURL.firebaseio.com'}
}
```

Commit message:

(doc) Updated dev architecture to include info about Ruby.

doc/architecture.md, after:

# App Structure and configuration

## Table of contents

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
1. [Yeoman](#yeoman)
1. [Getting started](#getting-started)
1. [Building the minified app](#building-the-minified-app)
1. [Deployment with build control](#deployment-with-build-control)
1. [Changing heroku and firebase urls](#changing-heroku-and-firebase-urls)

## Introduction
This file describes our project structure and modules used.

## Yeoman
The app was generated using the yeoman ``generator-angular`` generator. Read their documentation for a base understanding of how to contribute to this project

Besides using the generator, we modified some parts to make deployment easier.

## Getting started
Fork the repo and install dependencies. You need to have ruby installed and the sass gem.

Check to see if you have Ruby installed by typing 'ruby -v' in the terminal. If ruby is installed, it will listed the current version number.

Use this resource to install Ruby: https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/installation/

`gem install compass` then `npm install && bower install`

You may need to install the gem using sudo rights.

To start development just do `grunt serve`

## Building the minified app

We modified the original angular template to generate a dist folder compatible with heroku. For this we created an index.js file that get's copied to `dist` on build. If you run `node index.js` from the project folder, this won't work, use `grunt serve` instead. The index.js file is meant to be run from the dist folder after the project has been built:
`cd dist` then `node index.js`

We also included a file Procfile that spins up a web dyno and runs the app for you.

Both `Procfile` and `index.js` are copied by the `grunt copy:dist` tasks.

## Deployment with build control

Manual deployment with build control is extremely straight forward, just do `grunt buildcontrol`.
Note that this will only work if your computer have access to the specified heroku account.

## Changing heroku and firebase urls

- Modify the buildcontrol task to specify the correct heroku git repository:

```json
heroku: {
        options: {
          remote: 'git@heroku.com:YOURAPPNAME.git',
          branch: 'master'
        }
      }
```

- Modify the config service at `app/scripts/app.js`

```json
{
  firebase:{url:'https://YOURFIREBASEURL.firebaseio.com'}
}
```
